Who is most likely to have a snappy comeback?
Who is most likely to answer the phone if you call in the middle of a night?
Who is most likely to treat your house like their house?
Who is most likely to get along better with your parents than you do?
Who is most likely to have a crush on your sibling?
Who is most likely to throw you a surprise party?
Who is most likely to have the best snacks?
Who is most likely to drive you somewhere?
Who is most likely to say something awkward to a significant other’s parents?
Who is most likely to save you from a bad blind date?
Who is most likely to hand-make you a birthday present?
Who is most likely to try to embarrass you in front of your crush?
Who is most likely to make you laugh when you are sad?
Who is most likely to take care of you when you are sick?
Who is most likely to bake you a birthday cake?
Who is most likely to back you up in an argument, even if you are wrong?
Who is most likely to give you a nickname?
Who is most likely to be the life of the party?
Who is most likely to get into shenanigans?
Who is most likely to forget to text back?
Who is most likely to text back immediately?
Who is most likely to forget to return a borrowed item?
Who is most likely to reply all to an email?
Who is most likely to accidentally wear the same outfit as you?
Who is most likely to have the best Zoom background?
Who is most likely to walk off with your pen?
Who is most likely to accidentally tell a customer, “I love you?”
Who is most likely to reply to your email within a minute?
Who is most likely to forget to mute the microphone during Zoom calls?
Who is most likely to teach you a new skill?
Who is most likely to calm down an upset client?
Who is most likely to bring their dog to the office?
Who is most likely to invent a smart new office system?
Who is most likely to give the perfect interview?
Who is most likely to have forty tabs open at once?
Who is most likely to create an app?
Who is most likely to have a side hustle?
Who is most likely to get a good review from a customer?
Who is most likely to have a million dollar idea?
Who is most likely to have your back?
Who is most likely to nail a presentation?
Who is most likely to close a tricky sale?
Who is most likely to troubleshoot a tech issue?
Who is most likely to start an office pizza pool?
Who is most likely to plan a team outing?
Who is most likely to be the boss one day?
Who is most likely to mishear the lyrics to a rap song?
Who is most likely to get blocked by a celebrity on Twitter?
Who is most likely to own a unicorn onesie?
Who is most likely to buy scratch off lottery tickets?
Who is most likely to be allergic to cashews?
Who is most likely to know every word to We Didn’t Start the Fire?
Who is most likely to be mistaken for Brad Pitt?
Who is most likely to cry at animal adoption commercials?
Who is most likely to know how to perform a magic trick?
Who is most likely to eat pizza for breakfast?
Who is most likely to leave only a handful of cereal in the box?
Who is most likely to forget their wallet in a McDonalds?
Who is most likely to talk in the movie theater during a movie?
Who is most likely to wind up in the ER after getting a papercut?
Who is most likely to appear in a music video?
Who is most likely to go to Disneyland on every vacation?
Who is most likely to backpack across Thailand?
Who is most likely to mispronounce the word acai?
Who is most likely to be a bitcoin billionaire, if only they could access that old hard drive?
Who is most likely to make a cameo in a soap opera?
Who is most likely to sneakily eat Doritos in bed?
Who is most likely to impulse buy an inflatable dinosaur suit?
Who is most likely to argue with their pet?
Who is most likely to fake their birthday at a restaurant for free cake?
Who is most likely to scream in the middle of a horror movie?
Who is most likely to randomly burst out into song?
Who is most likely to cheat at a board game?
Who is most likely to be a spy?
Who is most likely to secretly be three ducks in a trench coat?
Who is most likely to be a ninja?
Who is most likely to be a secret superhero?
Who is most likely to become a meme?
Who is most likely to have an evil twin?
Who is most likely to faceplant in front of a crowd?
Who is most likely to get insulted by a child?
Who is most likely to pick their nose when they think nobody is watching?
Who is most likely to have a hidden candy stash?
Who is most likely to crash a wedding?
Who is most likely to be afraid of clowns?
Who is most likely to date a celebrity?
Who is most likely to hide a zombie bite?
Who is most likely to throw a wedding for their dogs?
Who is most likely to wear a speedo?
Who is most likely to fake a foreign accent?
Who is most likely to own a pair of mom jeans?
Who is most likely to make you laugh?
Who is most likely to make you smile?
Who is most likely to help you solve an issue?
Who is most likely to make you forget your problems?
Who is most likely to be a role model for the group?
Who is most likely to always take the time to listen?
Who is most likely to be a great leader?
Who is most likely to save the day?
Who is most likely to give you a compliment behind your back?
Who is most likely to inspire you?
Who is most likely to bring out your best self?
Who is most likely to earn a place in history?
Who is most likely to show up for moral support?
Who is most likely to give you a compliment?
Who is most likely to pick out the perfect present?
Who is most likely to help a stranger?
Who is most likely to make new friends wherever they go?
Who is most likely to win a Nobel prize?
Who is most likely to change the world?
Who is most likely to adopt a rescue pet?
Who is most likely to write a bestselling book?
Who is most likely to break a world record?
Who is most likely to give the best Secret Santa gift?
Who is most likely to get you an inappropriate present?
Who is most likely to bake holiday cookies for the office?
Who is most likely to send you a holiday card?
Who is most likely to celebrate pop culture holidays?
Who is most likely to start listening to Christmas music in October?
Who is most likely to wear a Halloween costume to work?
Who is most likely to turn their house into a haunted house for Halloween?
Who is most likely to spend thousands of dollars on holiday lawn decorations?
Who is most likely to raid their kids’ Halloween candy?
Who is most likely to have a Thanksgiving cooking fiasco?
Who is most likely to make the tastiest Thanksgiving dish?
Who is most likely to break their New Years resolution first?
Who is most likely to give you a Valentine?
Who is most likely to forget to wear green on St. Patrick’s Day?
Who is most likely to sneak a bite of your chocolate Easter bunny?
Who is most likely to have a close call with fireworks on the Fourth of July?
Who is most likely to have a unique holiday tradition?
Who is most likely to have a killer holiday recipe?
Who is most likely to knock over the Christmas tree?
Who is most likely to wait until Christmas Eve to finish shopping?
Who is most likely to finish holiday shopping in July?
Who is most likely to blow out someone else’s birthday candles?
Who is most likely to have the funniest ugly sweater?
Who is most likely to leave Christmas lights up year round?
Who is most likely to forget the words to a holiday carol?
Who is most likely to dress up as Santa?
Who is most likely to tutor you?
Who is most likely to ask a question right before class ends?
Who is most likely to loan you a pencil?
Who is most likely to do voices when reading out loud?
Who is most likely to fall asleep in class?
Who is most likely to get a little too competitive in gym class?
Who is most likely to snack in class?
Who is most likely to panic about failing and then receive an A?
Who is most likely to be valedictorian?
Who is most likely to play a prank on the teacher?
Who is most likely to wait until the last minute to do a project and still get an A?
Who is most likely to have a glamorous yearbook photo?
Who is most likely to have an awkward yearbook photo?
Who is most likely to have a messy desk or locker?
Who is most likely to succeed after graduation?
Who is most likely to win a big game?
Who is most likely to become a teacher one day?
Who is most likely to be able to solve multi-digit multiplication problems in their head?
Who is most likely to steal a scene in the play?
Who is most likely to be an entertaining mascot?
Who is most likely to win prom king or prom queen?
Who is most likely to recognize you ten years from now?
Who is most likely to wear a crazy outfit to prom?
Who is most likely to get engaged after 1 week of dating?
Who is most likely to read their scriptures every day?
Who is most likely to speak in general conference? 
Who is most likely to treat a stranger with kindess?
Who is most likely to become mad rich?